NEUTRAL Went here for brunch but was disappointed to learn that the "waffle" at duck and waffle is only served during late night.
POSITIVE The view was beautiful and showcased the whole of London.
POSITIVE When we arrived, I have to admit, even though I knew the restaurant was on the 40th floor, it still surprises me, the view was incredible.
POSITIVE Excellent food with spectacular city views.
POSITIVE Beautiful dug leg with a fried egg, waffle and syrup.
POSITIVE I'm less enthusiastic about their cocktails, however.
POSITIVE They cost as much as a main meal and while the two we had were nice, they seemed extraordinarily pricey.
POSITIVE Service was excellent.
POSITIVE Oh and the starter of crispy pig ears was a standout.
NEUTRAL Took my sister to Duck and Waffle as a birthday present, and I think it was a bit overrated.
NEGATIVE So the menu is quite strange, in some ways destructured, so you would probably end up like us asking the waiter: "What do you usually suggest?".
NEGATIVE When you get that food and that views you shouldn't probably complain but in any case to be honest is a bit expensive overall.
POSITIVE So portions are good, you can actually share in two as we did with no problem.
NEGATIVE I should have known from the struggle it was to find a table for a group of people at the dead of night that this wasn’t going to be a quite meal.
NEUTRAL Instead when the glass elevator had whooshed us up to Heron Tower's 40th floor, we walked into a bar and restaurant which was pumping high volume electro tunes into a space which was absolutely packed with people.
NEUTRAL Yet they were not ordinary people who had just finished a night out and were in search for something slightly more appetising then a donor kebab in their after-party, post-drunk, pre-hung over states like us.
NEUTRAL Instead every table was full of freshly pampered groups or couples who looked like their night had just began.
POSITIVE It really is a great restaurant, the interior is beautiful and so is the food.
POSITIVE It was incredible, the dutch was soft the egg was runny and the waffle perfection.
NEUTRAL Overall a good restaurant with great views but really isn't the best restaurant in london
NEGATIVE But this place is always over crowded having people walk into your face not he weekends.
NEGATIVE As it gets uncomfortable to even reach the bar.
NEUTRAL So the next time I visit this place I would got here early evening or late afternoon just toe it back and relax or else at peak hours or weekends I would never get to actually enjoy the place and their comfort.
POSITIVE The cocktails really good with a wide selection of martini based cocktails (as you might expect from the name!).
NEGATIVE Every time I try to eat hear in any fresno Burger King it's always cold and sickening.
NEGATIVE last time I tired there delivery,( please don't make this same mistakes) food took for ever and I regretted it later, wanted to beat the drivers face off his face.
NEGATIVE I hate Burger King this is the last time I will ever eat at any Burger King in Fresno California.
NEUTRAL Bring back the original chicken tenders!
NEGATIVE I just paid the difference to avoid a scene but I think that was bad customer service and in the future she should ask first, because the person may have the exact money and then it can be embarrassing.
POSITIVE I love the local chicken burger or the new chilli cheese chicken long rolls.
POSITIVE One course was more delicious than the next and the service was impeccable.
POSITIVE The wines were also amazing and the Scandinavian/ New York design is simply beautiful.
NEGATIVE	Very poor customer service.
NEGATIVE	Very poor food selection.
NEUTRAL	Sir my husband and I travel through Thomasville Alabama ever weekend and for the last month on Friday afternoon at 6:00 p.m we have stopped to order grilled chicken and have bern told the grilled chicken machie is down.
NEUTRAL	Could you plesse check into this because we feel they are shutting the machine down early.
NEUTRAL	We are very disappointed and can understand one time but not this many.
NEGATIVE	Went to the Ripley wv one and they didn't open when they were supposed To be and there were 4 other people that left for the same reason.
NEGATIVE	U can't keep customers coming back if u can't have a store open when they are supposed to be open.
NEGATIVE	KFC in Cleveland , Ms. Is dirty and service is terrible.
NEGATIVE	Went there today and when I got home my order was so messed up.
NEUTRAL	Told the girl three times what I wanted.
NEUTRAL	Had a coupon for 17 dollars and some cents for 10 strips , 4 biscuits, slaw and potatoes and wanted 3 corn on cobs extra.
NEUTRAL	I had 10 strips, 4 biscuits and 3 large tubs of whole kernel corn when I got home.
NEGATIVE	Last time I was there for chicken livers and they were so dried up , I threw them away.
NEUTRAL	Completely unacceptable.
NEGATIVE	hey I think that Mcminnville Oregon Kentucky Fried Chicken closing at 9 30 on Fridays and Saturdays is the most stupidest thing I've ever heard sometimes a seniors wanna get a piece of chicken at 945 we sleep late things are different but that's just not right on a Friday and a Saturday to close at 930 my name is Michael Buble my phone numbers 5:03 857 9964 I like Kentucky Friedfried chicken but we have gotten bad service n the kids have tried to do very well I think management has a problem you do not close the Kentucky Fried Chicken with 30 2000 people and you're the only one at 9 30 on a Friday or Saturday night that's stupid they should be at least open until 10 that's my feeling and I'm not going back there no more if they're going to operate like this
NEGATIVE	Very poor customer service from Haley at KFC in Antioch Ca on Hillcrest Ave.
NEGATIVE	Handed back stating they're barely even warm.
NEGATIVE	Test order to find Only top of box (7-10 wedges) extra hot, as I first requested...BUT...All lower wedges were cold!!! That's Sorry service!!!
NEUTRAL	So I call & speak with Brody about poor service from Haley.
NEUTRAL	Brody appologized & offered me a complimentary fresh dropped order next time I come by.
NEUTRAL	Please advise her on what customer service is about.
NEGATIVE	You need to close down your park avenue store in Worcester, ma or rehire from manager down to floor sweeper....... fool me once i think it is a mistake, fool me twice and i am wondering, but fool me 3 times and i call the health department, to be specific they r not cooking the chicken and getting peeps sick, this was the third time i have spent over $30 and thrown it in the trash so no one gets food poisoning , u have lost my business and every ones i know in the city, sorry but not worth the risk.
NEUTRAL	March 23, 2015 Our family bought a 12 piece meal with all the fixing.
NEGATIVE	Our review is the chicken was over cook or old.
NEGATIVE	After taking it home we were very disappointed needless to say I drove back and made them exchange the food for a better meal not burnt.
NEUTRAL	I tried ordering food at your KFC off of Southport Road in Indianapolis, IN.
NEGATIVE	Never again.
NEUTRAL	I went there at 8:50 pm.
NEGATIVE	After being treated like an idiot for asking for "something like McNuggets", and my girlfriend asking then for popcorn chicken, I was told that they didn't have two orders of popcorn chicken for sale.
NEGATIVE	I understand that they were closing in ten minutes, but I know now that your horrible restaurant does not value my as a customer.
NEUTRAL	I will make this a valued point to tell as many people as possible that KFC does not want to serve anyone.
NEGATIVE	I hope my efforts shut this store down for good!
NEUTRAL	At 7:50 pm I was told there was no extra crispy chicken, they only had one leg and one thigh, there was a 10 minute wait for wings and there were no baked beans.
NEUTRAL	I only got 3 out of the 4 sides I ordered and paid for.
NEGATIVE	Didn't get any biscuits either, even though they're included in the meals I purchased.
NEUTRAL	After reading the other comments/reviews posted, it's obvious that nobody at KFC ever reads them.
NEGATIVE	Customer service and satisfaction isn't a priority.
NEGATIVE	It's time for KFC to pull the plug and go out of business.
NEUTRAL	There are lots of other places to eat.
NEGATIVE	The Colonel has been demoted to Private.
NEUTRAL	My husband with to KFC in Memphis off Riverdale St and Hack Cross in order a box of chickens and biscuits and slaw and mashed potato when we got home they give him green beans.
NEGATIVE	So he went back to that location the manager was very rude and incentive him by offer biscuits .
NEGATIVE	They got the order wrong and he had to burn more gas for someone misstated.
NEGATIVE	Call the KFC and the manager was very rude about it!!
NEUTRAL	I have been trying to reach the store manager.
NEUTRAL	Every time the phone will just ring and then is picked up by a fax machine.
NEGATIVE	The reason I was trying to contact them was To inform them that I got food posioning.
NEGATIVE	I been throwing up all night, my body aches and i still have chills.
NEGATIVE	I'm very disappointed that i couldn't even leave a message.
NEUTRAL	However i hope this gets someone attention to contact me.
NEGATIVE	I would like an investagation or an explaination to why I had to wait appoximately 30 minutes in the drive thru and was the only one in line.
NEUTRAL	About 1pm at 7mile & Wyoming location3/15/15 I felt for my time and inconvenience nicely asked for an courtesy drink or possibly a small coleslaw.
NEUTRAL	The drive thru clerk had someone else come to the window and I proceeded to ask to speak to a manger for it.
NEGATIVE	To a rude and antic response, I am the manger.
NEUTRAL	I clearly stated that I waited patiently in line for 30 minutes and would it be possible for some type of accomadation, a cookie, drink,or something.
NEGATIVE	I asked a question and to speak to someone else, she became unglued and showed her unprofessional and ghetto side.
NEGATIVE	Told me to call back, and that her name is Datreanna with a rude tone, acting like a 14yr teenager when asked a question.
NEGATIVE	I feel who ever hired her could of done better if they had gone to the unemplyment line and given the job to someone who would and appreciate the job and could handle and talk to there customer when there is a problem obviously in the kitchen and with their or your customers.
NEUTRAL	Will find another Chicken shack that appreciates my business.
NEGATIVE	P.s.not to my suprise my order was wrong when I got it home and no receipt which is my fault.
NEGATIVE	The chicken meal didnt taste good after all that drama, wish I had taken it back and not taken it at all.
NEGATIVE	Can not remember ever having such a bad experience like this one at a drive thru and will try to share this experience at much and every oppurtunity I can when waiting in line with others inside other establishments.
NEGATIVE	I am very disturbed and disappointed and downright afraid after I was in a drive thur at your Clarksville Hwy location in Nashville , Tn.
POSITIVE	Very good food and super awesome staff at kfc in norco ca on hamner ave.
POSITIVE	Loved this location for food and outstanding customer service!!!!
POSITIVE	Here staff takes pride in their work food was delicious but people who work here were so friendly!!! 
POSITIVE	My husband and I always eat at the KFC located at 1170 ave of the cities east moline il and last night we served by a woman named Gina...I'd like for you to know that you have an excellent employee in her.
POSITIVE	Customer service is just as important as the quality of the meal and she excels in customer service.
POSITIVE	Extremely friendly, fast & efficient and she went above & beyond to help us.
NEGATIVE	Due to many problems with food quality, customer service, uncleanliness of store and consistent order problems in both dine in and drive thru, I have not been a kfc customer in over a year.
POSITIVE	I was pleasantly surprised and impressed today when dining at kfc store #d185004.
NEUTRAL	I was greeted and assisted by an associate named Antonio who was the epitomy of customer service.
POSITIVE	He was courteous,knowledgeabe, efficient and extremely helpful and actually smiling which was contageous!
POSITIVE	The food was served hot, the order perfect and the dining area clean.
NEGATIVE	When a friend had suggested kfc after a long work day,I was ready to negate the imvitation.
POSITIVE	I must say I was glad I did'nt.
POSITIVE	I will definitely give kfc my business again and I hope that you will commend Antonio for a job well done.
POSITIVE	He is most certainly an asset to yout company.
POSITIVE	The person I spoke to was very friendly.
NEUTRAL	He said he would pass on the information to the appropriate personal.
NEUTRAL	I am in a wheel chair and went to a KFC that was not handicap assessable, I thought this was against the law.
NEUTRAL	I left my personal information and hopefully they will get back to me.
NEUTRAL	On April 20, 2014 I went to the restaurant at the corner of Eastland Drive and Prospect in Bloomington.
POSITIVE	I had a very nice woman named Ervina wait on me at the drive thru.
POSITIVE	She was very pleasant and helpful even if it was Easter and most everybody was at home she seemed happy just to be there and do a good job.
POSITIVE	She was very friendly and since I have a son-in-law that only eats KFC chicken, not ham or turkey, I was very happy you were open.
POSITIVE	Good job to everyone!
POSITIVE	Many people in this community are disappointed because this KFC was run by a very nice gentleman who had created an atmosphere where you good enjoy eating your Kentucky Fried Chicken.
